1 - The White background images confuses the model image generation and little to gain from language mapping
9 - It is hard to conceptually frame what is a wiggly line or not without adding a unique identifier. It won't add much and will confuse the model
44 - It is hard to conceptually frame this in the visual language, it is similar to BP20 which we have an answer for, but a limitation of this language is 
trying to discern different sides of the same figure or line which there is nothing particular unique about it. For BP20 we can take advantage of the pinch in
the middle to discern where the balls are on, but here we just have a line which bents at some point.
52 - It is hard to conceptually frame this problem in the visual language. Its the same issue as BP44, we don't have unique characteristics of the line
to discern how the arrows are pointing
54 - It is hard to conceptually frame this problem in the visual language. This visual language struggles to place objects in a certain direction.
55 - It is hard to conceptually frame this problem in the visual language. This is a mix of an issue of BP44, where we can't identify anything unique from the 
object and from BP54 where we struggle to place figures on a particular direction
61 - I contemplated adding this BP or not. See in a sense there is symmetry in the left side images, but its not correct as an answer. The symmetry answers the visual space
well but not perfectly
64 - This problem has the same issues as other problems, where we need to conceptually keep track of the place of shapes in regards to other shapes. The 
visual language is not currently equipped to do this.
67,68,69,70 - These four BPs are a series of visual puzzles with branches. Like before, the visual language struggles when trying to geometrically place a shape
in regards to another.
74 - I had an answer to this problem, but after reviewing it further, I've choosen to not include it. This is because the sentence breaks some rules that we
have been adhearing to in the existing solutions.
75 - Same issue as BPs before, visual language cannot encapsulate position between shapes well.
78 - This is very difficult to encapsulate in the visual language. There is no concept of extending shapes
81 - We are being tasked with describing a line being placed between figures, this makes answering the problem quite difficult. As although we can attempt to define
drawing shapes, its hard to define how to draw a line and where.
86 - Although 86 seems the same as 85, its a little more complicated as we don't have a way to define "parts". on OEBP.org the answer is "Three parts vs. five parts." but 
really I think this is an over simplified answer. The real answer should be, "three parts extending from a central point vs 5 parts extending from a central point"
91 - This is hard to conceptualise in the visual language. There are too many different shapes where we don't have a catch all for unique elements
93 - It is hard to explain this solution space in the visual language. There is not really a way to describe the central point and if there was, what shape it is.
98 - I'm refraining from using 98 as test data, the noise in this image will mess with all existing mappings we have of TRIANGLES and QUADRILATERALS. 97 is almost the same case
but with 97 we are actually creating the mapping for COMPOSED
100 - This problem somewhat breaks even Mikhail Bongard's rules for visual logic puzzles, no specific culture is necessary for Bongard Problems but it is needed to answer
the problem correctly as not all languages have A and Б