2 - Creates a mapping for what is BIG and what is SMALL, and what exactly 1 figure means. Adding another attribute called SIZE, and attributring HIGH SIZE to BIG
and LOW SIZE to SMALL
3 - Creates a mapping for what is SOLID and what is OUTLINE, and what exactly 1 figure means
4 - defining CONVEXITY and CONCAVITY, which also means the middle area of a figure is greater than its start and end, which is short for
EXISTS(HIGH(GET(FIGURES,MIDDLE),AREA)) and EXISTS(LOW(GET(FIGURES,MIDDLE),AREA)). Creating a mapping between high and low area for concavity and convexity 
in this context. This is the first time that GET is used, and is used to extract an aspect of a figure. We are taking the MIDDLE of these shapes and comparing
their area to the rest of the shape. As CONVEX shapes have bigger middle area as opposed to CONCAVE shapes
5 - Creates a mapping for polygons vs non polygons. There are many mentions of NCORNERS and NSIDES which is relevant for the model 
to understand basic shape composition
6 - This is a great opportunity to map TRIANGLES to relevant NCORNERS and NSIDES, the same for QUADRILATERALS
7 - Defining Orientation, high orientation means upright, can also be mapped as having high vertical, 
same thing with high horizontal area and low orientation mapping
8 - Mapping XPOS, this BP is also used as an opportunity to further map GREATER, LESSER with each other, and with HIGH and LOW of a given attribute
10 - This is used to further map triangles and quadrilaterials from BP 6, there is noise here, but the general idea of a triangle and quadrilaterial exists
Can take a look at removing 10 and seeing the behaviour
11 - Defining ASPECTR, high aspectr means thin and elongated while low aspectr means compact like polygons. This is used as an answer for this 11 and 
creates a good mapping to understand thin and compact shapes. Defining ELONGATION, COMPACTNESS and creating a mapping between them and ASPECTR
12 - This BP is the same as 11, but instead of comparing the shape we compare the outside of the shape which is defined by HULL. This is a great opportunity
to reinforce the relationship between ASPECTR with ELONGATION and COMPACTNESS. As well as the mapping for GET and HULL
13 - This BP is similar to 7 as its to do with the orientation of shapes, this time we introduce OR, which means either condition has to be satisified.
We reinforce the mapping between orientation and high horizontal and high vertical area as well as two different OR answers with the conditions swapped, to 
create a mapping that OR can take two conditions in any order.
14 - This is a simple BIG vs SMALL BP. It reinforces the mapping between BIG and SMALL figures and HIGH and LOW SIZE.

After BP14 is the point I decided to get rid of CEASES, as per the literature, we should describe what it is, not what its not, as this does not actually 
give correct representations of the world space in bongard problems. We can make give almost infinite representations of what it is not which is not actually
answering the Bongard Problem. The sole benefit of using CEASES, is giving us more data to work with. A duplicate csv was created from BP14 onwards with CEASES,
so a test will be done at the end to see if adding CEASES, which could provide thousands of more rows of data can help with the image generation.

15 - LINES is used for the first time, and here we are making a distinction between figures and lines
16 - We have MOVING, and new directions, in this BP we have CLOCKWISE and COUNTERCLOCKWISE. We have MOVING used again, but not CLOCKWISE and COUNTERCLOCKWISE.
This BP is mostly used to add image data but not really connecting any previous mapping with CLOCKWISE, COUNTERCLOCKWISE and MOVING yet. Might consider removing 
this as it does not seem to add to mapping
17 - Defining ANGLES and REGULAR. Here we have reflex vs no reflex, reflex can be considered a HIGH ANGLES. but since we are describing an attirbute, saying
LOW ANGLES to oppose reflex is not necessarily correct in the right images. We just have figures with angles which are nothing special in their context, which
is another way to make the distinction, so we have REGULAR to describe the angles.
18 - Instead of describing Pinching as its own word, I used existing vocabulary to describe the middle of the shape as either low in area or a regular area.
This will build upon the existing mappings.
19 - This is similar to 19, but now the pinch is in a specific direction. I have extended the current GET function get more specific aspects of a shape. 
This keeps the solution answers simple and further the mappings since we are using existing vocabulary.
20 - Defining ON and IDENTICAL and DIFFERENT. ON is something that is used to describe if something is on top of something. I'm not sure on BP20 as there is no
direct mapping of the previous vocabulary to DIFFERENT and IDENTICAL. 

BPs which have new vocabulary which is not mapped to existing vocabulary (16,20,57) - Consider test with and without

21 - Introducing MORESIMILAR and LESSSIMILAR, there already exists a few ways to properly describe this answer in the visual language so MORESIMILAR and LESSIMILAR
can learn some mapping.
22 - There is an equal number of shapes with the same size vs shapes with differing sizes. We add two new comparison tools EQUALNUM and DIFFNUM which are mapped
with MORESIMILAR and LESSIMILAR
23 - This BP is quite simple, we have EXACTLY 1 and EXACTLY 2 figures 
24 - For this BP we only have one answer since we got rid of CEASES. While on OEBP.org the answer is said to be "A circle vs. no circle.", just saying that circles
exists in the left side is enough to solve both sides. While if we focus on the right, we can say no circles exist, but many other shapes also don't exist. So its
more correct as per the literature to just focus on what does exist.
25 - Existing vocabulary is used to answer this BP, we are comparing the existence of solid shapes, there is a more exact answer where there is exactly 1 
solid shape. This reinforces the mapping between EXACTLY and EXISTS, and the model should recognise SOLID compared to an outline shape as we have many other 
BPs where EXACTLY and EXISTS is used but on outline shapes. I say outline here, but in answers they are not described as outline, only as shapes, so we can even
assume that the baseline status of a shape is an outline shape when comparing all BPs so far.
26 - Same situation as BP24, we only have one valid answer using our vocabulary. This will also help train the model on mapping solid shapes
27 - This is the first time we are using MORE and LESS, it is used to compare within the images themselves. 

After answering BP27, I choose to remove all existing OUTLINE from the vocabulary. This is largely due to BP25 realisation, there is no point in denoting specifically
if a shape is an outline, because from how Mikhail Bongard has developed the BPs, the default attribute of a particular shape is a hollowed shape. Therefore,
it would help the model and the mapping more going forward if we remove OUTLINE. On OEBP.org, BP27 is answered as "More solid black figures vs. more outline figures."
so far OUTLINE has only been used for BP3, so the model has little mapping to go back on to understand what is an outlined shape. By removing OUTLINE, we increase 
the robustness of the mapping and should allow the model to generate images with better understanding of solid vs standard shapes.

28 - This is the same situation as 27 but instead of figures we are describing CIRCLES.
29 - INSIDE is defined here for the first time, INSIDE is used to describe shapes or aspects of shapes which are inside of another figure. This attribute is loosely
based as it does not define what it is inside, just what is inside. If a more specific mapping needs to be made for what it is inside then this will be refactored.
Using existing vocabulary, there is no other way to describe this puzzle.
30 - We can use ON to describe crossing lines. This will further map ON.
31 - Existing vocabulary is used to answer this BP. On OBEP.org, the answer is "One line vs. two lines.", while a circle could be drawn by a single line, it would
be incorrect to define this problem as EXACLTY(1,LINES) or EXACTLY(2,LINES), so the final answer would contain an OR statement where it is EXACTLY 1 LINES or EXACLTY
1 CIRCLES.
32 - Defining OUTWARDS as another direction. It was difficult to describe this problem in the vocabulary but we can define sharp corners as low angles which are 
moving outwards
33 - Can be described with existing vocabulary. Same situation as 28 and 27 where only one valid sentence exists
34 - HOLES is defined as an aspect of a shape. We are comparing the holes instead of the figures with HIGH, LOW SIZE or BIG and SMALL
35 - MORESIMILAR and LESSIMILAR are extended and used to describe a shape and aspect of shape in relation to an attribute. Here we can describe the hole inside the 
figure as having more similar orientation compared to less similar orientation in the other images. This is a similar extension of GET with three arguments
36 - GREATERALL and LESSERALL is introduced in this BP. This differs from GREATER/LESSER as GREATERALL/LESSERALL describes the image itself. In this context
for BP36, something is happening in the image groups themselves. TRIANGLES over CIRCLES vs CIRCLES over TRIANGLES
37 - Rare instance where the BP has the exact same answer as another BP (BP36). Only difference is the images contain a square, which is noisy as its meant
to distract from the CIRCLES and TRIANGLES
38 - Same answer as BP37, BP36 but instead of YPOS, it is SIZE
39 - Here we have LINES which have either the same orientation or opposite orientation. MORESIMILAR and LESSSIMILAR are used to compare the LINES ORIENTATION
40 - Defining ALIGNED to describe figures that either have the same YPOS or XPOS. ALINGED is a more elegant way to describe this and maps to existing vocabulary.
Like with many BPs so far, only the left is used to answer this question.

Now we are starting to see the effect on the data by removing CEASES, as there are many bongard problems where we only have 1 solution, even if answering the 
question is not necessarily correct by saying what is missing, it is a creative way to add more image data. So it is the case that the literature could be 
wrong for this specific use case? The BP domain is characterised as lacking abundant data but this could be a way to introduce more data by answering the questions
or world space by negatives.

41 - This is the same answer as 40, and we don't need to denote OUTLINE since we know that the default state of a shape is an outlined shape
42 - This BP is in the same idea as 40,41, but inside figures now.

As I continue to add answers for BPs, I continue to dislike my decision for removing CEASES, as we are leaving a very large amount of data on the table. Tests
will show if this was correct or not.

43 - Adding Cardinal directions to the vocabulary, (EAST,WEST,NORTH,SOUTH) and answering with mostly existing vocabulary. The sentence becomes quite big 
so adding in INCREASING and DECREASING. While no mapping exists for the cardinal directions, we can create a mapping with the existing vocabulary for INCREASING
and DECREASING.
45 - Removing OUTLINE as discussed before. We can answer this BP with existing vocabulary
46 - Similar answer to BP45 but more descriptive shapes.
47 - Using INSIDE to describe which shapes are inside of figures
48 - This is a comaparison of distinct shapes in regards to their YPOS. Removing OUTLINE from this solution answer as discussed before. Using GREATERALL/LESSERALL
as the comparison is done within the image groups.
49 - DISTANCE is introduced here as a way to measure distance between figures or aspects of figures. 
50 - SYMMETRY is introduced here. On OEBP.org the answer is "Vertical axis of symmetry vs. no axis of symmetry.", we give two answers here, one for SYMMETRY existing
and a more specific VERTICAL SYMMETRY existing. This should help the model understand that SYMMETRY can exist and can happen in more directions.
51 - This one is a little difficult to get specifically correct in the visual language but kept it in. On the images on the right, almost all of the circles are 
the same distance apart. on OEBP.org the answer is "Two circles close to each other vs. no two circles close to each other." but the images show that the circles 
are all apart equally in the right. There are also not always only two circles close to each other on the left, there exists circles with low distance apart
on the left
53 - We use the existing vocabulary to answer this BP. We use both NSIDES and NCORNERS to compare the shapes for differences based on if they are inside or not.
56 - Previous answer had COLOR, its not used anywhere else in the data and we can make use of the OR and AND conditions. This scenario is perfect as the conditions
are the same for both image groups, but differnt on if they are an OR, or AND condition.
57 - We have IDENTICAL and DIFFERENT from BP20 which are used to answer this question. There is no other way to map this to the existing vocabulary
58 - We can use IDENTICAL and DIFFERENT but this time in regards to SIZE. IDENTICAL and DIFFERENT are slowly starting to map to the existing vocabulary
59 - This is the BP we can get good mapping of IDENTICAL and DIFFERENT. Therefore the previous BPs, 57 and 20 now have good mappings and should not be 
ommitted.
60 - This is the same answer as BP59
62 - Introducing a new attribute called END. LINES can have ENDs, in this BP we are comparing the ends of the line. The only issue here is there is no direct
mapping from what is an END of a line to the existing vocabulary
63 - The hull on the right and left are bigger. The existing vocabulary is able to solve this BP, we reuse the extended GET function with three arguments to do so
65 - Here is a comparison of YPOS and XPOS, we can use ALIGNED, but we have to give a specific condition saying its either VERTICAL or HORIZONTAL, this is because
both images have ALIGNED TRIANGLES, but on a different axis.
66 - This is the same answer as BP65 but with some noise and with CIRCLES instead of TRIANGLES
71 - INSIDE is used to describe figures inside figures. Using INSIDE twice means there is a second order of figures inside figures. While OEBP.org describes the
answer as "There are inside figures of the second order vs. there are no inside figures of the second order.", it would be more correct to say 
"There are inside figures of the second order vs. There are inside figures of the first order.", this lets use add an existing answer describing the right.
72 - This BP is similar to 62 where we are comparing the ENDs of LINES, but instead of DISTANCE apart we are comparing the ORIENTATION
73 - The answer to this BP is comparing the ORIENTATION between the CIRCLES and QUADRILATERALS, the TRIANGLES is there for noise.
76 - On OEBP.org the answer is "Long sides concave vs. long sides convex.", but this answer actually complicates the solution slightly, its the same answer as we have for 
BP4, its really concave vs convex. The middle area of the figures determine concavity and convexity.
77 - On OEBP.org the answer is "Angle divided in half vs. angle not divided in half.", but we can also answer this as a comparison of the ends and their distance. This 
can be used to also map the symmetry to the existing vocabulary. As the uniform distance creates symmetry
79 - Here we have to use an AND clause, since we care about all the shapes present. The upside of this, we can create multiple sentences with the same meaning.
80 - On OEBP.org the answer is "Points located at the same distances from a cross vs. points located at different distances from a cross.", instead of defining a new shape
called CROSS, we will use the existing vocabulary and define the cross as FIGURES. Since we have CIRCLES which is more specific, we can uniquely identify all shapes present.
82 - We introduce a new function called COMPOSED. something is composed of something, and in this case we have crosses which can compose shapes. There is no direct mapping 
to the existing vocabulary currently. COMPOSED works like INSIDE function
83 - We can describe this by using both COMPOSED and INSIDE. Although we only have one correct answer, as its hard to conceptualise the circle being outside of the 
composed figure
84 - Same situation at 83, we can only describe the right side.
85 - We use an OR clause to define either three lines or a shape with three sides. or for the right side, 5 lines and five sides.
87 - This is the same answer as 85, but 4 vs 5 instead of 3 vs 5
88 - This is the same answer as 85 and 87 but with CIRCLES instead of parts.
89 - We can use COMPOSED to convey the point of three parts vs five parts. Which is really, 3 groups of circles vs 5 groups of circles
90 - This is the same as BP89, we are composing groups of CIRCLES.
92 - We have the tools in the vocabulary to describe the left side of the problem, but not the right side. We can image the left side as just one COMPOSED LINES
94 - We can describe the ends of figures, here we say there exists SOLID CIRCLES on the ends of the figure
95 - The overall figure in each image is noise, the key element is the vertical lines and horizontal lines.
96 - This BP is the same answer as BP6 but the TRIANGLES and QUADRILATERALS are noisy.
97 - We have COMPOSED to solve this problem, we can also finally map COMPOSED to existing vocabulary, as we can use the answers from BP6 which describes TRIANGLES and the
answer from BP5 which describes CRICLES.
99 - We have COMPOSED and ON to explain the LEFT side of images, which is good enough to answer the problem, but we don't have the vocabulary required to answer the right 
side.